Add docs for parameters passing (#383)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/guide/execute-transaction.md

---
layout: splash
---

# Execute Transaction

> `executeTransaction` function can be used to perform many transactions. It supports every transaction which is possible in algorand network. Ex: Deploy ASA/SSC, Opt-In, Transfers, Delete, Destroy etc. `executeTransaction` takes `ExecParams` or `ExecParams[]` as parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`executeTransaction` is a high level function which can be used to perform transactions on Algorand Network. It supports every transaction (atomic or single) which is possible in network. Ex: Deploy ASA/SSC, Opt-In, Transfers, Delete, Destroy etc. `executeTransaction` takes `ExecParams` or `ExecParams[]` as parameter.
```

If you pass an array of `ExecParams`, it will be considered as `atomic transaction`.
In below sections we will demonstrate how to pass these parameters.

Note: For each parameter `type` and `sign` fields are mandatory.
  - `type`: type of transaction
  - `sign`: sign type

> Examples of parameter(`ExecParams`):

Reviewer: We should explain common parameters here: `TxParams` (passed in `execParams.payflags`)

Author: No I don't think so, because it will be copy pasting doc string of that interface, main goal of this task is to give clear picture on what to pass, because this part is cryptic.

Author: after looking that we don't have explanation in api docs https://algobuilder.dev/api/algob/interfaces/runtime.types.txparams.html , we should add more comments on code in types and add a link to that in docs.

Reviewer: As you prefer. I just want these explanations to be included in user docs (as user will probably start from here).

Author: yes, api docs are incomplete, added docs

Reviewer 2: Let's add a link to API docs in the first line of the section.

Author: OK

> # Transfer Algo using secret key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Transfer Algo using secret key
```

Reviewer 2: First level header should be use only for title.
Let's update the headers below as well

Author: ok

```js
  {
    type: TransactionType.TransferAlgo,
    sign: SignType.SecretKey,
    fromAccount: john,
    toAccountAddr: alice.address,
    amountMicroAlgos: 100,
    payFlags: { totalFee: 1000 }
  }
```

# Transfer Algo using logic signature

```js
  {
    type: TransactionType.TransferAlgo,
    sign: SignType.LogicSignature,
    fromAccountAddr: contractAddress,
    toAccountAddr: alice.address,
    amountMicroAlgos: 100,
    lsig: lsig,
    payFlags: { totalFee: 1000 }
  }
```

# Deploy ASA

```js
  {
    type: TransactionType.DeployASA,
    sign: SignType.SecretKey,
    fromAccount: john,
    asaName: 'gold',
    payFlags: { totalFee: 1000 }
  }
```

# Opt-In to ASA

```js
  {
    type: TransactionType.OptInASA,
    sign: SignType.SecretKey,
    fromAccount: alice,
    assetID: assetIndex,
    payFlags: { totalFee: 1000 }
  }

> ```

Reviewer: Let's cover both cases: `optInLsigToASA`, `optInAccountToASA`. Same for SSC.

Author: https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/docs/guide/deployer.md#optin-to-asa , these are already covered, the main goal here is to `how to pass params`

Reviewer: Please add this link here, remember these are user docs

Author: user will start from `deployer`, that's the essential part, then after reading that user will come here which is more advanced than deployer. adding executeTransaction link in deployer is better

# Transfer Asset

```js
  {
    type: TransactionType.TransferAsset,
    sign: SignType.SecretKey,
    fromAccount: john,
    toAccountAddr: alice.address,
    amount: 10,
    assetID: assetId,
    payFlags: { totalFee: 1000 }
  }
```

> # Deploy SSC

Author: let's add these definitions in interfaces and add a link to api docs here, https://algobuilder.dev/api/algob/interfaces/runtime.types.sscoptionalflags.html

> # Deploy SSC

Reviewer: ok
